Update instructions for Azure Key Vault Integration (#869)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.23/secrets-backend.md

### Step 3: Set up Key Vault locally

In your Astro project, add the following line to your `requirements.txt` file:

```text
apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
```

In your `Dockerfile`, add the following environment variables with your own values:

```dockerfile
ENV AZURE_CLIENT_ID="<your-client-id>" # Found on App Registration page > 'Application (Client) ID'
ENV AZURE_TENANT_ID="<your-tenant-id>" # Found on App Registration page > 'Directory (tenant) ID'
ENV AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="<your-client-secret>" # Found on App Registration Page > Certificates and Secrets > Client Secrets > 'Value'
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.providers.microsoft.azure.secrets.azure_key_vault.AzureKeyVaultBackend"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "vault_url": "<your-vault-url>"}'
```

This tells Airflow to look for variable information at the `airflow-variables-*` path in Azure Key Vault and connection information at the `airflow-connections-*` path. In the next step, you'll run an example DAG to test this configuration locally.

> :::tip
> By default, this setup requires that you prefix any secret names in Key Vault with `airflow-connections` or `airflow-variables`. When using the Azure Key Store secrets backend, `"connections_prefix"` and `"connections_prefix"` may not be left blank (`""`).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this setup prefixes secret names in Key Vault with `airflow-connections` or `airflow-variables`. You can customize the names of these prefixes, but `"connections_prefix"` and `"variables_prefix"` must have defined values in your configuration.
```
